Hi everyone. It's Monday, May the 25th.
I'm doing this for Tuesday as I will be
out of the office. And as you can see,
we've got a new name, the blueprint
open. My name is Anie Band and we're
going to go through some charts tonight.
to see what it is that the market's
doing. I think we give back this entire
gap, but we'll have to see. We'll take a
look at it. We'll start with the E- Mini
S&P. Hang on one second.
There we go. Just had to get spinach
going there. Let's take a look at the E-
Mini S&P. As I mentioned, I want to
start on the daily chart. We did have a
day where the US markets were closed,
but we do know that the futures trade
was completely disconnected today. and
uh celebrating the day, the time off,
and my anniversary. So, there you have
it. All right, taking a look at the
daily chart. We've got a gap that we
closed. Well, we haven't closed it. I
suspect we will close it, but we did
close on Friday at around 7484.25.
That's what we're staring down. And so,
we see the gap with another wick at the
top really pulling back here. My
suspicion is that this call wall, which
is at looks like 7600, they've moved it
up. The put wall down at 7200.
So, they've moved that down. Um, and
we're seeing the last daily
demand zone way down here at 7375.
would not be surprised to see us give
all of that back simply because of the
way the chart looks right now. Um, we
are generally in
a bullish pullback, right? But as we
take a look at the 30-inut chart, we can
see we've got upward flow 50 to the
upside, 200 to the upside, momentum to
the downside. This tells us time and
time again if we see price action hold
steady in trending markets if momentum
is down it means that we are going to
drift into elements of support. So where
is that support to me? First place that
looks pretty solid is the pivot
uh the support level of the pivot and
that number is 7530.
Now, interestingly, if we measure the
chart without Monday's flow and we uh
calculate the pivot based on Friday's
flow, it gives us something about 7491,
right? And so, it's pretty close to this
pivot right here.
And so chances are we'll probably head
down into 7500. So what is the formation
today? Well, listen, easily dips could
be buy zones. We know that we can look
at the low of the GlobeEx candlestick
formation.
And then below that, we've got our MOC
candle. Those are going to be the zones
that we'll look at from a downside
perspective. I am not bearish but I
would say taking a long here going to be
a little suspect. I would wait to see
how it behaves inside of this particular
candlestick. the GlobeEx candlestick. I
saw easily that this drift was losing
the 11 a.m. candlestick that was, you
know, fairly solid as it were. And um we
definitely did not see too much price
action strength
for today's behavior because there's
literally no volume. And so when there's
no volume, price action tends to move to
the upside. That's what we saw. And now
we're just sort of giving all of that
back. The traders who went long are
going to be covering. They're also going
to reverse and go short because they're
trading the eb and flow of price action.
So after that, we could easily see this
come into play and then 74.99. So what
would I do here? As long we as long as
we are under the VWAP and under this new
pivot area, the bounces are sell zones.
So, if we can get to 7545
makes a great uh shorting event with the
stop
um probably about 10 15 points wide,
right? So you might want to use uh micro
in this case until you get the flow nice
and solid and everything is trending in
your favor.
Dips are certainly going to be buys.
This is a bullish formation in general.
And so what we're just looking for is
price action to come back and test some
relative areas. Now I don't use trend
lines to trade mostly because I'm
terrible at drawing them. But if per
happen stance you do, then this area at
7530 makes a pretty nice shot at the
first press to see if price action can
hold that edge. If it doesn't, 7516 is
the next area. So legitimately, the
bounce up into the collision of the 50
simple moving average and the VWAP here
at 7545
gives us a nice short zone. Okay, so
dips or buys, but the dips could be
pretty solid since we had very light
volume pushing prices up. Let's take a
look at the NQ.
So, let's delete this.
Let's go to a daily.
We can see the same type of formation
right up into the call wall, which is
30,000, right? So, right up into that
area. Actually, it kissed
29,995.
So, they're going to want to get that a
little bit higher. They're going to want
to test that. So, the dips are still
buys. The dips are still buys. If you're
staring down a daily formation, look at
how steep this formation is. It really
is is fairly I mean, it's dramatically
steep.
Shucks. Can only see it on the daily.
Let's go to the 30 minute. Let's take a
look at things. We are right at the top
of the high of the GlobeEx candle. Now,
in studying the ENQ, this GlobeEx candle
really does mean quite a bit to the uh
ENQ traders. So, they're very likely to
try to bounce off this 29,774.
You know, they like to shake the trees
just a little bit. So, they could dip
below that pivot line. The uh main pivot
is 29,872.
This pivot below is 29,760
and then below that 29,676.
They are going to try and buy that dip
in in all likelihood. Let's take a look
at that. If we draw a trend line because
we're the trend line drawing kind of
person, then that's what we would see.
We'd see it come down into this edge.
We'd watch them try to bounce, get up
over the 50, get up over the VWAP, and
then collide into all of this supply
sitting near the top. And that number is
29,940.
Looks like a pretty good bounce that
could fade. Now, here's the thing. If
you get up into this area for both of
these charts and you see price action
holding through that edge,
it's probably going to be short covering
that's going to send it up into the
30,070
level entirely likely, but we are doing
a fair bit of rotation. And so what we
want to stare down is
this zone here
between
29,700,
right? That can go all the way down to
29,675
or it could be as high as 29,750.
Somewhere around there, the buyers are
going to come in. If that's too liquid
for you, let it come in, hold the
bounce, and then rotate back above this
29,774.
And then you've got yourself um a little
bit of a long action into the pivot at
29,900 into the 50 and then you know you
have to sit above that VWAP. But this
downward VWAP tells you that everybody's
that's long is a little bit underwater
and the rotation could easily come into
the supply zone that sits from this
29,676
literally all the way down to the put
wall which is 29,475.
That also happens to be value area high.
Could be pretty interesting in that
space. What am I going to do for both of
these formations? I'm going to look for
the deep dips to give me buys.
Could you force me to short it here?
Yeah. I mean, I I like the short here.
It's just going to carry a bit of risk
associated with it that will come down
into uh lower support areas, right? So,
that's why I'm staring down right there.
Let's take a look at the YM.
So, whoa, check it out.
Wow. Okay. As you can see, looks really
different to the ES and the NQ trending
high are still in a gap, still off the
lows,
excuse me, still off the highs. And with
these top wicks coming into play,
telling you that there's a fair bit of
congestion up here that exhausts into
the upward flow, right? So, we have to
be pretty careful about that. Let's go
to the 30-inut chart.
We can see them doing the same thing,
same fade. Here is the GlobeEx event.
There's a lot of bullish pressure here.
So, the buyers could begin as easily,
excuse me, as early as this 50,
um 950
area. It looks like they're trying to
give up um a buy zone right here. But
again, we are under the VWAP, big supply
zone and under the 50 that is still up.
So, they are going to try and push for
this.
I don't know if they're going to hold
it. However, if they get above this
51,000 area,
51,070,
we could easily push into a brand new
high. A lot of people saying, hey, you
know, nobody looks at the Dow unless you
are from another country. And then
that's all you look at essentially,
right? I mean, you want to get involved
in tech and all of that, but in general,
foreign divestment moves into the DAO
first. That's just what happens. And so,
a lot of money is repatriating or
expatriating, I don't know which one,
um, back into the United States as the
dollar continues to hold relative
strength. So, this dip buying seems
fairly solid here. The momentum is a
little messy, right? It is trying to
find support. We do know that support is
very likely around this 50,900 area. If
it loses that zone, the support pivot is
50,881.
So, not quite 50 points away or maybe
just over 50 points away. That will be a
big tell because we can't hold here.
We're very likely to go to the base off
the candlestick formation at 50,774
and then potentially fill the gap,
right? And that gap Yeah, that gap could
bring us all the way to
the pivot, which is this 50,620
area. I I like that zone a lot. It's
worth consideration. So, yeah, dips or
buys, but a little tricky space. If you
bought the dip, it would be a counter
trend move in this rotation. Once it
gets up above old resistance,
it'll hold as recovered support and we
move to the top of the edge. If we head
a little higher, they're going to try
and get after this 51,35.
Right, the market has been unusually
strong, particularly for this cycle.
We'll see what happens. Let's take a
look at Micro Bitcoin.
Let's take a look at the daily.
It feels like it's recovering, right?
It's trying to recover. Traders are
trying to hold the floor here. 1 2 3 4 5
6 days. They're exerting a lot of energy
trying to hold this support. Here's the
storyboard about exerting this kind of
energy. Losing it will have everybody
go, I give up. and they're going to turn
around and sell it into the next big
areas of frontline support. To me, that
number looks like it's about 71,000.
If I were betting man, I would say we're
somewhere around that 71,700 zone. What
is trend? Well, they're trying to
recover, right? Notice this upward flow
of right over the moving average. Look
at this. It just barely came back before
it shut off. So, there was a lot of
pressure to hold this event and the
traders took it up into the space.
Remember the storyboard is if you hit a
downward sloping moving average and you
accelerate past it, you're very likely
to retest it in the future even as it
turns to the upside. That's just general
mechanical flow because we revert to
means. Big money reverts to means. So,
what's the area we have to get over? You
know, to me, it definitely looks like
82.
If we can't get up over that, this one
is dead in the water. And it feels like
it's dead in the water. We are
underneath value area low. Just lost it.
And so the loss of this 50 simple moving
average, they could easily fight for
days around this zone. But the bounces
appear to be sell zones.
And as long as these things look like
sell zones, here's where we're going to
come back. Let's put a box around this
number. Looks like we're Hello.
Looks like we are
76,000 or so as a floor and then if not
easily we can head back to 75,700 and
then potentially
75,500 before heading lower. Right,
that's what we've got. Moving average a
little bit flat. So, it's going to look
for support and then try to bounce. It's
lost the pivot. It's lost the VWAP. It's
lost the 50. So, they are grinding into
lower support. Okay. They've also lost
the 200, which is my thought. Hey,
listen. If you can get a bounce here,
it's going to make a good short. If you
just want to go ahead and short it,
short small size because it's very
likely to have a reflexive bounce,
particularly if the entire overnight
stays short. They're going to turn
around and try to bounce this thing
first thing in the morning. So, you want
to be very careful about that. Let's
take a look at oil.
Oil back down at the range, bottom of
the range 92. You know, my thought is
that oil stays above
I think it stays above 85. However, it
did break below that several days ago.
Uh maybe where was that? April. Yeah.
And so far, it's staying above 88. Now,
we'd love for oil to go back down, but
while we have this business with the
straight, we have all kinds of other
things going sideways on us from an
energy perspective. And so, you know, we
use diesel to run a lot of stuff, folks.
Runs all the trucks, runs all the heavy
machinery. And we don't have that grade
of oil. We are net exporter of
oil, but we also import a great deal of
it. And it's heavy crude that we have to
in import. And um what is it called?
Sour. Heavy sour. I don't. Trust me, I'm
not an oil person except to know that we
got some props. So here we go. Oil
rising. Markets fading. Yeah, we know
this. This happens. But here we have a
downward sloping 50, a downward sloping
200. They want to recover the put wall.
That's at 95. They are well below it.
Okay. over the weekend. I don't know
what did we just earlier today we have
to stop
uh Iran from planting more mines
somewhere. I don't know. And so it's a
defensive measure or whatever. Right now
the trend is fairly negative over the
last couple of days but the bounce
could be significant. What do we what do
we expect oil to do? Right. Well, if
things settle out, we expect it to fade
if things go particularly well, but the
rubber's going to meet the road
sometime. So, the deep dips I like to be
buys, but we really have to pay
attention to what price action is doing
here. And if we take a look at the
daily, we're caught in this pete bog
with all of this demand sitting right
here between 85 and 89. The big put wall
is down here at 80. The zero DTE put
wall is up at 92 as I mentioned a little
bit ago. They're going to want to get,
sorry, not 92, 95.
And they're going to want to get back
above that zero DTE pull wall. So it
could be a jagged overnight, especially
if things go a little bit, you know,
crazy.
Oh, in case it fades. I'm so busy
talking about that. Um 85 is going to be
a critical mass number. So if you see
any giant fades below that, as soon as
it recovers 85, it probably is going to
bounce pretty substantially. Okay. So
you want to watch out for that. All
right. Um yeah, gold.
See what gold is doing. Let's put my
chart here. See what we're seeing. All
right. Gold a little bit sideways.
So, let's go to the daily. You know,
starting a new week, about to start a
new month. Holy cow, time is flying.
All right. So, what are we looking at?
They're squeezing together. A big move
in gold is coming. A big move. Is it
down or up? I don't know. If I were a
betting man, I would say it's down. But
a lot of things telling me that I could
be wrong, right? to include
um my momentum indicator that looks like
it's about to
uh hold off of its lows and start
bouncing again. So, what are we staring
down here? We have the 50 above us and
we have the 200 below us. So, it's
squeezing. It's going to pingpong like
that until the traders break free. So,
what are we doing? We're watching gold
move in the same direction as the broad
market. a tremendous amount of demand
down here. Wow. 4,464.
Maybe that acts as a little bit of a um
magnet, but what we're falling into
right here is the value area. So, what
are we staring down? Well, we've got a
couple of candlesticks that are pretty
much right on top of each other. So,
let's take a look at this one.
So, we're inside of that range and
we are breaking through the range below.
So, what is the thought? Well, we've got
a
we we've got a gamma line here at 4525.
Pretty important. We have a 200 simple
moving average and a 50. We're holding
200. We're on the 50. That's the same
formation as the daily, right? And so we
can see that the traders tried to bounce
right off of the floor of that 200.
Interestingly, also it happens to be the
open of Monday's trading. That's 4531.
As long as we hold that 4530 area or we
go below it and then recover it, we've
got ourselves a chance of getting right
back into the VWAP. That's 4530.
Pretty fair price right there. 4530. If
we cannot get above 4550,
we are going to rotate back down. Okay?
And we're going to rotate back down into
the pivot from earlier today.
and then further down into
this 44
uh 4490ish
area, right? Uh here's a wick. We're
going to look at that zone. Now, once it
gets to the bottom there, easily we
could see by. Okay, right now they are
trying to buy this at this 4534
level. You know, if you take a look at a
five-minute chart, you can see that
they're trying to hold above this gamma
line. So, it could be a bounce
certainly, but it's coming from negative
momentum and negative trend. So, you're
going to run into a supply zone and that
supply zone is going to look 4542
maybe 4550
and that is what we're going to see
there. Do I think we stay trapped in
this range? You know, I actually do I I
sincerely believe that we're going to be
caught in this peakbog here. That being
said, whichever way we go, the first
time we go through it, the traders are
if we push down hard, they're going to
try and buy it up. If we push up hard,
we might just take off. But if we push
down hard, they're going to try and buy
it up. And if they can't hold it, you
know, my thought is that we head down
into the 4200, maybe even 4,000 area.
All right, let's finally take a look at
spy.
We can see that of course we did not
have Monday. This is Sunday night's
formation that is
in play here. No, this is Friday, excuse
me. So, we don't have any uh chart
action from there. If we go to the 30
minute, we can see that the chart action
started at about 1,800 hours, which is,
you know, when the broad market opens up
Eastern time. And we're sitting at that
interesting trend line event that, you
know, depending on where you draw it, it
could easily be a bounce into the
formation. So, my thought would be, you
know, let's let's have a peek at this
line in the sand here. Let's take a look
at it. We can see a demand zone right
there somewhere around 743,
$743
or maybe all the way down to 741.
My thought is that we slowly leaped this
entire week. We just leaped back down
into lower levels. My suspicion is that
these demand zones will become a magnet.
That being said, we still have upward
formations that are very solid. Where in
the world is the 200?
Oh, it's flat all the way. Wow. Flat as
a pancake here. Yeah, my thought is that
we do drift. We'll have to see. I don't
think it'll be in a straight line, but
certainly as long as we stay under an
upward sloping 50, we're going to have a
drift. They're going to find support
somewhere. And that could be, hang on,
that could be the anchored VWAP
from the prior day at 7:41 or it could
be the gamma line that sends us between
positive and negative gamma. And that's
down here at 7:38 in the middle of the
supply zone. Markets are going to get
very volatile over the next couple of
weeks. No doubt about it. So, you want
to be very careful. Trade small. wait
for price to come to you and we'll see
how it goes. All right, take care
everybody. Um, and I'll see you soon.
Remember, please hit like and subscribe
for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's
go.